docs: cdc related updates (#109)
neo4j/docs-kafka-connector: modules/ROOT/pages/quickstart-confluent-cloud.adoc

* An AuraDB Enterprise or a Neo4j Enterprise on-prem deployment, with CDC enabled, which is accessible through public internet.
Follow link:{page-canonical-root}/cdc/current/get-started/aura[Enable CDC on Neo4j Aura] or link:{page-canonical-root}/cdc/current/get-started/self-managed[Enable CDC on Neo4j DBMS] for instructions.
+
[NOTE]
If an AuraDB instance is paused and resumed, CDC can be disabled by resetting `txLogEnrichment` to `OFF`.

> Verify that CDC is enabled again before starting or restarting the source connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an AuraDB instance is paused and resumed, CDC will implicitly be disabled by resetting `txLogEnrichment` to `OFF`.
Ensure that CDC is enabled again and follow <<source-cdc-cursor-recovery>> steps before (re)starting the source connector.
```
